1.What is oops stands for?
           OOPS-Object Oriented Programming System Or Languages.

2.What is Polymorphism? explain types?
           A function that can evaluate to or be applied to the values of different types is known
as polymorphism.
    Types: 
        * Method Overloading,
        * Method Overridding.

3.what is interface and example in selenium,java?
         An  interface is shared boundaury across which two or more seprate compoments of a computer  system exchange 
information.
    Example:
        * Selenium examples are AndroidDriver,ChromeDriver, FirefoxDriver etc.,
        * Java example is Blueprint.

4.what is abstarct class and example?
          An abstract class is a class that is designed to be specifically used as a base class.
Abstract classes are essential to providing an abstraction to the code to make it reusable and extendable.
     Example:
        * A vehicle parent classs with truck and motorbike inheriting from it is an abstraction that that easily 
more vehicles to be added.

5.Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance
         The multiple inheritance is when class inherits from many base classes while multilevel inheritance is
when a class inherits from a derived class a base class fo a new class.

6.Is multiple inheritance possible in java?
         Yes,it is possible. The java programing language supports multiple inheritance of type, which is the 
ability of a class to implement more than one interface.

7.What is keyword for using inheritance 
       The keyword used for inheritance is extends.
 
8.what is the keyword to connect interface and class
       The interface keyword is used to declare a special type of class that only contains astract method.
To access the interface methods, the interface must be 'implemented' by another class with the implements keyword.

9.what is difference between class and interface
        A class describes the attributes and behaviours of an object. An interface contains behaviours that a 
class implements.

10.what is difference between class and abstract class
         A class describes the attributes and behaviours of an object. Abstract class cannot have abstract constructors.
It may or may not contains abstract methods.s